(update): big rewrite and design of docs (#118)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/guides/security.mdx

## Data Security & Privacy

Hugging Face does not store any customer data in terms of payloads or tokens that are passed to the Inference Endpoint.
We are storing logs for 30 days. Every Inference Endpoints uses TLS/SSL to encrypt the data in transit.

We also recommend using AWS Private Link for organizations. This allows you to access your Inference Endpoint through a
private connection, without exposing it to the internet.

Hugging Face also offers GDPR data processing agreement through an Enterprise Hub subscription. For more information or to
subscribe to Enterprise Hub, please visit https://huggingface.co/enterprise.

## Model Security & Privacy:

You can set a model repository as private if you do not want to publicly expose it. Hugging Face does not own any model or
data you upload to the Hugging Face Hub. Hugging Face also provides malware and pickle scans over the contents of the model
repository as with all items in the Hub.

## Inference Endpoints and Hub Security

The Hugging Face Hub, and Inference Endpoints, is SOC2 Type 2 certified. The Hugging Face Hub also offers Role Based Access Control. 

For more on hub security: https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security. 

> For information on the Enterprise Hub subscription for premium security features: https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/enterprise-hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to our Team or Enterprise subscription for premium security features as listed [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/enterprise-hub)
```
